# Tasks
```tasks
(due today) OR ((is recurring) AND (not done))
path does not include Journal
```
# Journal
## 09:42
Tech fomo. I've mostly been in the sidelines of tech. Cuz I was a kid, that was my excuse till now. While, I'm not in the center, I'm certainly closer to it than before. Here's where the FOMO of learning comes in. I experience varying degrees of this whenever a new piece of tech comes out that isn't in my field of cs. It's not like my field is even finalized. Eg, when GPT reached the mainstream people, everyone was talking about AI. And I was kinda just looking at how much I would have to learn to meaningfully contribute to the field. And I see all these freelance types–coders and writers–suddenly switch to AI stuff. I did consider switching, but then after some thinking I figured, learning happens when no one is looking at your field. After about a year, when web3 is back in the news, I'll have the skills in web3 to make change. So I'm continuing to delve deeper into web3 stuff. But the AI stuff is pretty cool too, I guess I'll learn the fundamentals of it in college.

My writing has greatly improved, but in a certain direction, because of college apps. Those essays use simple language (words, phrases, vocabulary), combined with a background story that relates to the current self. It's nice n all, but that doesn't really apply to the stuff I write about.

I also have a weird hesitation to reading blog posts by good writers. Not because, I don't want to. But because I wanna be in the optimal mode to consume information. It's a convoluted version of perfectionism. Kinda like setting up your couch the perfect way to watch TV.