# Tasks
```tasks
(due today) OR ((is recurring) AND (not done))
path does not include Journal
```
# Journal
## 10:06
I started working out, after almost a month, yesterday. I did chest yesterday, and today I can't barely stretch it. I ran though. Running is.... fine.

After reading Maggie's post on digital gardens, I wanna redesign my blog. It's probably gonna be a combination of Gwern's, Maggies, Andy, and my current setup. I'm still not sold entirely on the benefit of not making your front page reverse-chronological. It's very common, yeah, but probably for good reason–cuz that just makes sense. I'm still probably gonna try it out, but not sure how to implement all that awesomeness in code.

## 17:47
A lot of unrelated stuff is going on. Fin aid stuff, applying to UMD and UW. With all this mental overhead I'm not able to focus on writing and reading.

One this I can't digest is that a good, productive life almost requires one to sacrifice junk like Netflix, games and maybe even fooling around with friends. Books replace games and TV, and thoughtful conversations replace fooling around–essentially replacing short-term fun with long-term happiness. But there's still still _some fun_ in doing those relatively useless things. Similar things scare me about college/youth life. Choosing between partying with friends and working. Yes, I will likely work on things that are fun to me, but that doesn't replace friends. I guess it'll be the billionaire lifestyle, having this kinda fun every few months on a private island or something.

Also, I'm feeling kinda sleepy now. I should've taken my afternoon nap instead of playing COD.