# Tasks
- [x] Do college research  â° 2022-10-12 11:00 ðŸ“… 2022-10-12 âœ… 2022-10-12
- [x] Teenr meeting  â° 2022-10-12 11:50 ðŸ“… 2022-10-12 âœ… 2022-10-12
- [x] Read Farcaster hub [docs](https://farcasterxyz.notion.site/Decentralization-of-Hubs-40f9e8dd024046a795e5673bdad224f0)  â° 2022-10-12 12:44 ðŸ“… 2022-10-12 âœ… 2022-10-12
- [x] Write essay  â° 2022-10-15 ðŸ“… 2022-10-12 âœ… 2022-10-15
### From elsewhere
```tasks
due today
path does not include Journal
```
# Journal
## 08:15
Today's gym session was awesome. I can feel the burn in my thighs when I do lunges.

I need to talk to more people. I'm basically a loner now-a-days. Partly because I'm irrationally worried about my parents knowing or listening in to my conversations. This fear is basically because I don't share anything with my parents. Anything deep or personal. It's weird, I'm just not comfortable sharing any of this stuff with them. I know I probably should, but I'm just scared. Not sure what I'm scared about, their judgment? Mostly scared of my dad's shouting. He gets angry so easily and once he's angry he just can't listen to reason.

On the other hand, I'm **extremely** comfortable networking and talking to people online. It's really that irl-introvert-digital-extrovert thingy.
## 11:30
$\text{Prestige} > \text{Course strength}$ ?
$\text{Course Prestige} > \text{Course fit}$ ?
Am I the kinda guy who wants harder classes or a decent class but with decent time to work on my side projects. Having the hardest-college tag is pretty cool but is that worth starving my interest in cs? Probably not, that's why Caltech is off my list.

## 12:19
I don't think I'm processing how fast time is going around me. It's already mid October, and we're gonna start submitting be the mid of next month! Life's running mate!
## 20:12
Today was reasonably productive. I didn't do any coding. I can feel when I haven't done any coding. I did a good amount of research into Tidal Energy. It's pretty interesting and gets really less attention, especially considering that it's one of the more predictable renewable sources of energy.

Haven't been checking twitter properly for couple of weeks and many people have reached out to me! It's crazy. It's probably the resulting of building publicly on Farcaster. It's awesome!

Also, I've pretty much figured out my workflow for obsidian. It's inspired from [[People/Andy Matuschak]], really interesting guy. Does programming, does [[Evergreen/Knowledge Work]], takes notes and stuff. One of the few techinacal people I know that also delve in note taking and all this kind a junk.