# Tasks
```tasks
(due today) OR ((is recurring) AND (not done))
path does not include Journal
```
# Journal
## 11:33
I haven't written much this year. And I had planned to write fiction. Not just blogs and stuff. I haven't even written in my journal this year. Not going as planned. There's the midwit curve, so I kinda crossed it and now regard everything as useless, there's some useful stuff too–if not overdone. Just writing–without too many complex systems for capture etc–just writing is useful. I have neglected this.

In the past two months, I haven't even written that much code. Maybe because now I'm in that pre-college summer mood, well in the case I should be out doing pre-college frolicking with my friends. As I'm typing this out I can feel my fingers being slow on keyboard. It feels weird, haven't had this in a long time. Maybe it's just that I haven't typed on a mech for a while.

Reading has been going pretty well though. I started the year with Neuromancer and felt like I'd forgotten to read. Sci-fi is probably not the best genre to re-enter reading with. Fantasy is much more forgiving. I was supposed to _write_ scifi too but I was too deep in a fantasy mood so I couldn't really think about any other genre clearly. I guess I'm still in the fantasy mood but I can read other stuff now–manga is pretty good. Not sure how much I'll be able to read in university, but I guess manga would be the easiest to read. Cuz it's like flipping through images, you know, not much effort is spent in imagining the scene so you can just pull it out on a short bus ride or something.

Almost all my documentation is complete for my visa stuff. I mean at least I've made the initial submission, everything next is them contacting me for interview and stuff.

I need to find clothes.