# Tasks
```tasks
(due today) OR ((is recurring) AND (not done))
path does not include Journal
```
# Journal
## 14:17
It's been a week since my last entry. A week full of people. I'm glad I dm-ed Abhijay and met up with the Bangi guys. Half the batch is there man. It was a chill day and simple dinner. The weather there is so nice, it's always on the brink of rain. The ac-less travel to Hosur was also pretty nice and swift. I saw so many people in Hosur man. Half of them, I haven't seen since my birth. It was overall pretty good. I wish Shruthi had stayed longer, cuz we literally hung out for like half a day. Gowtham and me were, as usual, equally un-converse-ive. It was fine though, vivi filled the gaps. Though he also prevented any juicy stories. Whatever man, it was a nice reunion after like six years. Gohi was short and simple. We were there for just one day, and half of it was in Puja. Just chilled in the village. Surprisingly, Kalivillas shows up in Google Maps, it's a significant place lol.

## 18:06
Had a nice semi rant back there.

I redid my homepage a couple days back. It's half-done. I've written up a nice introduction about my coding side. I need to write something real about my blogging stuff too. I should also add other stuff. I'm more than just a programmer and writer. I do many things.

I haven't read or written any blogs in quite a while.

## 20:10
I added to the writing section of my homepage. It's much better now.

I'm gonna have a bath, eat and read Mistborn now.