`17:26`
I had so much _hope(?)_ for the holidays. I don't know why. I can't even tell you what kind of hope I had and for what. That's what it was–hope and energy.

It was partly the eagerness to code. After college applications, I was literally coding day in and day out. Each day was about building something, solving a bug or learning something new. I slowed down a bit before university started–I wouldn't have if I had known how less I would code in school. In uni, there's no time to fucking breathe. And since coding is something I do in free time after I'm done with school, I never got to it. Post-midterms, I realized how less I had coded during the term and sorta recalibrated my focus–but even then it was hard.

So I was partly excited about the holidays cuz I would get to fucking code. I have done that. I have been writing quite a bit of code. But I'm still not satisfied. Two reasons: I haven't been writing as much code as I would like to, and I haven't been doing anything else other than coding. It's mainly an efficiency problem. I remember, back in the day, when I would sit to code, I would fucking code. This is partly cuz I'm spending a lot of time with Abhinav on call–we're both lonely as fuck. So efficiency drops. Because efficiency drops I spend a lot more time in-and-around writing code, but not actually coding. Because of this, I barely get time for doing anything else, hence I'm sad.

I think it's also partly cuz I realized, a bit too late, it would be more efficient to have just gone home. Not as cheap, but more efficient. I would have been fully rested and chilled a bit with family. I really hope this doesn't fuck up my productivity in 1B. It probably won't cuz after one week, everyone's gonna be equally fucked.

Speaking of school. I can't believe I'm so head over heels for this person I've not even talked to. It's pathetic honestly.