`17:24`

The year has officially ended. We are in the last hours of 2023. Let's go through what I remember of 2023.
# Jan
One year ago, I had just finished applying to US universities. Full of hope and delusion. My writing skill at an all time high. Every second I spent dreaming, I was dreaming about MIT. We had Epoch during New Years! But with the application season over, I was ready to fucking code. I was exploring social graphs and stuff on top of Farcaster right now. Jan was a cute month with a lot of exploration on top of FC. End of Jan, we just threw in an application to Waterloo. What a last minute decision and SUCH a good decision. My life would have been so fucking different if not for those decisions made in that moment.
# Feb
With ALL applications done, now I was fucking back to building. I got into Ethereum CTFs and did Ethernaut and Damn Vulnerable Defi around this time. I was also playing with Go in Feb. This was also when I built Enscan. Feb was good–it was a chill month with a fair bit of scattered building.
# March
Started off by continuing Enscan. Also rebuilt my website in Astro. Then, oh man, then i was on fire–I built Scribble and actually gained traction for the first time in my life. It was an actually useful thing. Not just something nerds and myself found interesting. This was also when I was working on Casterscan with Dylan–this was probably peak Farcaster for me.

I also screwed around with Go and built an RSS feed service for Paul Graham's website in March. Then I started working on Firechat after that.
# April
Firechat actually took me a fair amount of time to finish. It might've actually been a more technically challenging than Scribble.

April 22nd. I signed up for Buildspace and started working Tiviem. My github for the entire week after that is so green. Then I took a weeklong break, I don't exactly remember what I did during that.
# May
Back to building Tiviem. By 10th May, I had finished most of it.

I spent most of May, _reading_ the C Bible. I don't remember what I did at all.

# June, July, Aug
Did Advent of Code 2021 in C. Pretty good with this.

Visited Todi and others in Mumbai and Abhi in Bangalore. Visited Hosur properly after like 4 years.

Cloned cat and curl in C. Started reading Beej's Network Programming Guide.

Did WARG's firmware bootcamp.
# Sep
Fucking moved across the world. Actually going to uni!!! Met so many new people, got over my initial fear of talking to strangers.

Managed to find a solid group of friends in uni that would support me in my worst and cheer me in my best. Had some initial thoughts like they're all Indian etc; but fuck it man I love Indians. Really glad we managed to build this group.

Walked all the way back from Conestoga station with them cuz we didn't know the trains shut at 12:30 AM. Beautiful. Did lots of random shit with them. Orientation week was a vibe man.

Started discovering the fact that there's no fucking time in uni. Barely coded as a result. Went to Hack the North! Ran into Sam and Fayd, met more people! Still trash at it though. Also started discovering how much more of your responsibility it is to "grab that opportunity". Also realized I need to go to stuff like uwstartups to find nerds like me.

# Oct
Reading week came up so quick, didn't even realize. Spent most of reading week fooling around. I studied but didn't grind, grind. Neither did I fool around properly. Idk what I did. It was a weird time. Midterms came and went. An exam a day. Sheesh that was brutal, but at least it was quick. Also realized that there's this cute girl named Meem in my class. Started plotting and developing my first crush in years.

# Nov
Recalibrated to devote more time to coding. Spent a lot of time waiting for it to "ramp up"–1A was ez. Went to AI-Agent hackathon, met more smart people, really wearing the nerd-tribe's badge on my forehead now–proudly.

Managed to talk to Meem. We studied together. Was a really bold move for me. Should've talked more while we were there though. That was a fumble. Again on Sunday after that. Should've talked to her. But we just studied.

Spent the rest of November fantasizing about her.

Managed to write a fair bit of code though. Made a decent bit of progress on Natbot, gave up then started working on Tinyrenderer.

# Dec
Coded a reasonable amount the first few days, then the final exam grind. Didn't fucking talk to Meem before end of term–fuck.

Exams were pretty easy. Partly cuz I actually grinded well, had that internal satisfaction with each of them.

Was hugely stressed out about my living situation for the break. Become easier once I had planned it out. Fucking useless stress man. All these new experiences, you gotto **live** them well.

Coded a **lot** after exams. Nearly done with Tinyrenderer in like a week. Nearly bliss, should've headed out more–explored the cafes and stuff.

Texted Meem... she responded! And actually held a conversation for like 30 min. Reasonably quick back-n-forth considering it was 1.30 AM. Still waiting on a reply from the last one lol.

Now the year is ending and I am trying to live the year 923 words.

What a year man so much change. Now let's actually process this change:

---
# Biggest disappointments at Waterloo

## Not everyone is a nerd
Every is incredibly smart yes. But not everyone is nerdy. This is probably a consequence of my program. It's slightly easier to get into and pretty much guarantees a good job and a comfortable life style later on. It's a _safe_ major. It attracts all sorts of kids: kids who want a safe career; kids who don't know what they want, but just know that tech will always be there etc. So the proportion of nerds is lower than I expected. For this reason alone, software engineering would've probably been a better major for me–more nerds! The degrees can be made nearly identical based on course selection, but the people... not as nerdy in computer engineering.
## Design Teams are slow
Design teams are too low commitment to actually get anything done. Obviously, everyone's first priority in uni should be not failing. This makes it excusable to not work on non-academic stuff. This reminds me of one of the reasons Paul Graham recommends _against_ starting a startup in uni, cuz it's your secondary thing–your first thing is being a student.

It's obviously mostly my fault for not figuring out a way to prioritize WARG. It's also cuz the stuff we do in design teams is really hard and like ik everything is hard and needs to be figured out; hardware is just really hard. We need more guidance or smth in WARG.
## My friends are not as passionate as me
Yeah pretty much this. I love them n all,  they're really supportive. But they're just not the nerdiest people.

Socratica is probably the best way to meet nerdy people in Waterloo. I'll have to figure out a way to balance multiple friendships.

---
# My biggest fumbles
## Didn't code & WARG enough
I actually don't even know why I didn't code. Maybe it's cuz at home I got used to an empty calendar. It let me code at a stretch for like 6 hours. But that kinda time just doesn't exist in university.

It was also partly cuz I wanted to be _on top_ of my school shit. Like I would've coded only after my school stuff was done for the day–that never happens. I need to figure out a better balance between academics and passion-projects.

Post-midterm I kinda realized this and coded more. But I need more of that _fuck it_ energy next term cuz I have 3 tutorials on Monday and I don't wanna spend the weekend studying.
## Didn't relax enough
Hard work is even more productive when you give your brain enough rest. I don't party, it's just a waste of time for me. I should figure out other ways to relax (other than coding). I think for me one would be spending quality time with a girlfriend or with other nerds doing stuff other than just coding–just being in that environment.
## Didn't gym enough
I became thinner yeah, but that's cuz I starved myself. I should eat more fully this term (I should buy a Tupperware container) and gym everyday–no excuses. I myself feel a difference when I do it.
## Didn't meet new people
I love my friend group, but I should make more friends. Uni is the last time you're with hot, horny, ambitious, smart people your age–make the best of it. From nerding out at Socratica, to coffee chats and just making conversation with random people in class and on campus.
## Didn't smile enough
It does become easier to talk to people when you're smiling. I kinda have a resting-bitch-face, need to actively smile to make it easier for other and myself to approach. Life also feels lighting when you smile.
## Played status games
We're kids, we like to flex; but you gotta lie a little to flex. Just don't. It's not worth maintaining so many different parallel realities in your head. Just be yourself. If you're not _impressive_ enough for someone, fuck 'em. Don't try to be impressive. But, don't be afraid to show your work.

---
# On crushes and fantasizing
`working on it personally`

I fantasize too much. It's easy. Just a dream in my head. Feels blissful without doing anything in the real world–that's the problem. It's not fucking real. It takes away time from reality. It makes it seem real when it doesn't even exist.

I developed feelings for Meem. Without even talking to her. She is incredibly beautiful. If we actually end up having a relationship, that would be lovely. But if we don't; all this time wasted fantasizing about her.

It's wrong.

Only losers do it. Gotta take charge of your life and actually do it man.

- Texted her after so long.

---
# Biggest Skill I need to learn
Talking to people. Being able to pull out a conversation out of thin air, exchanging ideas, thoughts, and just connecting with the world (and what's the world if not people?).

# Biggest personal development
I don't think I'm an introvert anymore. An introvert is someone who _loses_ energy by socializing. I'm pretty sure I wasn't drained after uwstartups fall kickoff, or after the Socratica Symposium; I was **charged**. I'm also reasonable comfortable at talking to strangers when it's at these nerd event.

I do _sometimes_ hate socializing, but this past term, I've come to crave human company a lot more. I thought I could go days without talking to anyone, it's been much harder _during_ the term. Probably cuz sometimes you just want someone to come and talk your head away from all the stress.

So yeah, I think I love socializing with nerdy people. And by nerdy I mean people who are enthusiastic about _something_. Doesn't have to be tech; I would probably love to listen to someone rant about the best kind of paint brush or their favorite font!

So: **more nerds!!**

---