`20:33`
The first half of the term is over.

I think it's gone well so far. The vibes and energy have definitely been higher this term. I remember suffering through the week, waiting for the weekend to arrive. Glad that's not my attitude this term. I've definitely been coding more. I should code more though. I mainly code during Socratica. Which is good, but I wanna code a little bit during the week too. Academics, I would say, are going well. I'm understanding most of what's happening in class. For physics and linear circuits though, I should be putting in more time. So far I've just been cramming before the assignments, which kinda works but I should be really internalizing what I'm learning–especially for circuits. Both the math courses and digital circuits are going well. I should reevaluate whether I wanna attend 108, cuz while I like the course, I doubt the lectures are that useful to me. I could just stay in my room and learn that stuff faster and better. While that would save me time, it would add another course I have to orchestrate myself. I'm not even sure where the time saved from physics n circuits are going. They are going _somewhere_–I think gym?

The first 3 weeks were pretty good in terms of balance. The past two were whack. The second last was genuinely crazy. The assignments, resonant, the circuits cdt. This past one was lighter–I didn't have any commitment other than school. We finished off the first half with a DeerHacks. The hackathon itself was mid, but we had fun. We could've definitely won if we went in prepared and focused. I'm also reevaluating the value of hackathons. I think I'm gonna go only for big ones, and small ones. The big ones like Hack the North, TreeHacks are worth winning. The small, like AI Agent, are where we meet cool people and experiment with cool stuff.

This term I've also met a lot more hackers. Socratica was a big part of it. But I've also been more forward with dm-ing and asking people to hang out. I dunno why I didn't do this sooner.

While that part of my life has been going pretty well. My _regular_ social side has been stagnant. Maybe even deteriorated. Because of all these thing going on, I've always been _running_ between things. Would've been awesome if my friends were also running with me. But well they're not, so I barely see them during the week. And because I'm not that close with CE folk, I don't really see _anyone_ after classes during the week. I don't know how different social sides of a person interact. Friends they meet cuz idk, vs friends they meet cuz of shared passion. My old friends, especially Abhinav, have a crazy amount of stupid drama in their lives. His whole fiasco with Additi was pretty fucked up. I don't know what he's doing with her. She was/is kinda suicidal. But at some point, you just can't be responsible for someone, especially since her mother is involved too.

While I've been sliding into twitter dms left and right, they're all dudes. I just keep realizing I barely talk to women. This is sad. There _can't_ be no nerdy women in tech. I'm not 100% sure what I want in a girlfriend, I don't really care whether she's in tech or not, but I want her to be nerdy about _something_–even something like fonts or paint brushes or crocheting. But I want someone who _knows_ they like _something_ (and hopefully pursues it). Of course there's the general good-people traits I would look for in anyone–I'm not sure how good I am at spotting these.

I'm still kinda hung up on Meem. She's just so beautiful man. I don't even know how  to _move on_ from her. There are bouts where I feel incredible yearning for her. There are bouts when I realize that life is too short to be hung up on someone. Usually, when I'm not thinking about her, I'm good. But if I actively think about her I just realize how beautiful she is and realize how hard I fumbled.

I need to get better at talking to women. I need get better at talking to people, period. I should ask better questions. Abhinav asks good questions, Hudzah too asks good questions, James Lin also asks good questions. But I should _approach_ more women. I don't know where–maybe I should just strike up conversations with random people. I should also smile more. It makes it easier to approach people. Good sleep makes smiling easier. Okay now I'm rambling.

It was nice to dump again after so long.

---

- Code more.
- Study harder.
- Talk to more people.
- Smile more.