`22:31`
Two weeks into 1B, still feels novel. I'm obviously not _lost_ like I was in 1A. I know a lot more stuff and know what I _want_ to do. But it still feels like a new start. Maybe it's cuz I'm meeting a lot more new people. Actually no. I probably met a lot more people in the start month of 1A. But I'm meeting more interesting people and having a lot more interesting conversations with them. 1A helped me realize how much of my life relies on me. It's obvious, but the systemic, structured progression of life prevents you from realizing that. I like this novelty. Helps me stay in touch with my longer-term goals. What are my goals though. Make it in the valley? Change the fucking world? Something along those lines.

I kinda know how much I need to study to survive. This week I need to figure out how much I can code while I'm not studying. And hopefully, code socially. Work with others n shit like that. Socratica's been great, but it's once a week. I need to regularly (ideally daily) code some shit, and ideally with someone else. Who thought? Could be Rooz, others in my class are too serious about studies. I should talk to Akira and Ali, I don't really know them but I've heard they're _cracked_ too. That's an interesting term. It conveys they're really good programmers, but are they _hackers_.

I should meet more people, in general, but especially in my class–they're in my fucking class, I should know them well. With those I discuss nerdy shit with, I should discuss more life.

It was nice reflecting on this week. I should do this every week.
`22:51`