`14:40`
Life has been going great!

A pretty bold statement. Now that I've written it, I realized most people never actually say it.

I've been meaning to code a lot on weekends. 1A was kinda plan-less. But 1B I told myself I would code a lot. It started of okay-ish. But accelerated. This weekend was fucking awesome.

Friday, I chilled with the boys. Had malabar for dinner and then played FIFA. It was a nice chill start to the weekend. I woke up around 1 on saturday and felt like shit. I wanted to code so much, but I had so much school work to also catchup on. Idk the next few hours were pretty good focused physics work. Covered up and prepped for the quiz. I also got started on the 108 assignment.

I had planned, no schoolwork after dinner. And I stuck to it.

8 PM, I showered and shit and went to the lab. I was kinda hoping someone would join me. I dmed Rahul and Abhinav, but was also kinda glad when they did not come. So initially I thought that thing I was planning to do was actually simpler than I thought. After 8 hours of debugging concurrency bugs and not having a solution, I realized hardware programming is really different from software programming. After ensuring the display actually works, I exited the lab at 530 in the morning. Beautiful.

Obviously, after that I couldn't make it to the Socratica morning session. But I just _had_ to go the afternoon session. So I pulled myself out of the bed and scrambled for breakfast and made it in time. The session itself was pretty good. Calder was also there. And we connected cuz of Socratica. We'd talked a little bit about rasterization engines before and then he went into a mini-dive about low level stuff. It was pretty cool. After Socratica, Steven dropped both of us off on campus and then we talked and walked to SLC. Calder's really cool and like he was "I wanna watch your progress" and stuff. Really cool to hear that from a senior. Then he gave a bunch of advice about school and fun courses and stuff like that. That was really cool.

This was already better than my sundays.

Then me and abhinav went to the lab and I after like 4 hours finally fixed the display and the counter. I had to use the clock.

I think I'm still riding the high from that.