`13:03`
It's midterm season.

Reading week was mid honestly. I dunno why, motivation that week just died off. I did study, but it was so inefficient. And it went by so fast. We 5 also looked for houses. Really wanna do society 145–it's so convenient–but it's also so unnecessarily expensive.

**Refocussing**
I am most efficient with my time, when I _know_ what to do, what to optimize for. When I have a project I am committed to, all else fades away. When I was building the rasterizer, nothing distracted me. When the _goal_ itself is to _play around with AI_, I waste a lot of time. The goal should be to _learn xxx_ by _playing around with yyy_.

I have so much energy. Some of it was lost to my unfocussed-ness. Because I didn't know what to build. So many of my Socratica sessions, I was just writing boring nonsense code.

I wanna learn more AI. I wanna build cool stuff with it. But I'm not getting many ideas in that space right now. I don't wanna waste time. So it's time to focus.

I'm going all in on low-level. Digital logic, hardware design, firmware, compilers, vms. And I have a textbook to guide me through it: Elements of Computing Systems. This will be my main thing I do during Socratica.

I've joined WATO and Formula Electric too. Warg is just too slow and boring. FE is how I'll learn firmware and electrical, WATO is where I'll learn ML stuff. And the book is how I'll learn the fundamentals of computing. And it ties in beautifully with ECE124. I think nand2tetris uses a custom HDL language, I'll rewrite it in VHDL and run it on the Altera boards.

Feels good to declare it, now I'll actually stick to it.