# Journal
## 10:47
The past week was a wild ride.

It is hard to imagine yourself getting scammed. The internet is the perfect playground for this; with crypto even more so. On the internet, we modern people pay careful attention to the links we visit, to the passwords me create etc etc. I for one, am have very good information hygiene on the web. All this works because it is there are no humans on the internet, at least not the full versions of them. Communication on the web is not full-bandwidth.

Word of mouth is the best marketing strategy, especially for things whose price is gonna go up. We booked tickets through this agent, back in June. Normally, we would never book through a travel agent. Research flights on google, and book on the airline website. But since this was my first time to Canada for uni, we decided to book together and whatsapp groups are one of the dumbest human organizations in the world.

There was a slight probability of this in the back of my mind, but well word of mouth is powerful.

Luckily we found out about it a week before our flight and managed to book another flight.

I actually book a flight with two stopovers in Europe, and luckily I called the airline customer support to confirm I didn't need visa–I actually did.

My dad also paid an advance for an Emirates flight to Monteal.

In the end, we banked on word of mouth and booked a flight with three of us via Egypt, Oman.

It took away the focus from math and pre-studying and the peace after hell is the greatest type of peace. Theres has been significant economic loss, but well at least we are going there and with a lesson.