# Journal
## 14:04
I'm kinda jobless right now. I could've read this past hour, but really I was tired and lazy. My phone's getting fixed, so soon I'll be shifting to a Pixel and have full control and privacy. I'm gonna have to setup my calendars and stuff before college so I don't miss some deadline there.

I wish I'd bought a Keychron keyboard. I don't know why, in my many google searches it never showed up. I came up here and there, but for some reason I never gave it a serious thought. The main benefit is that it's wireless. Oh they don't deliver to India. I was seriously wishing for wireless right now. Makes sense.

These days, even with hardly any work, I'm tired. I'm tired all the time. I think it's got something to do with the phone. I need too reduce my phone usage too.

For my ereader app, I need to figure out how to store the highlights and stuff like that.

## 20:09
I found this app called Aldiko, so I might not build my own. I wanted to clone cURL and I think there's more to this than cat. So I'm doing a little reading on sockets.

C is so simple, yet building something with it requires work. There's no prebuilt frameworks for you to just `npx init` and start pasting auth keys. I think that's good for me. To learn these granular things from scratch. For example, it was really satisfying to understand how arrays work, with the whole pointer arithmetic n all.

> If you wish to make an apple pie from scratch, you must first invent the universe. 
> \- Carl Sagan

I just learned that in C `arr[5] == 5[arr]`. Wtf.