# Tasks
```tasks
(due today) OR ((is recurring) AND (not done))
path does not include Journal
```
# Journal
## 10:27
Break in Mumbai was overall pretty good. Had a good time chilling with Todi and Shrey. Todi's got a girlfriend and she seems fun. Shrey's super into gaming and has a fucked up sleep schedule. Raika was barely around. It was easy talking though, like it's just been a couple months, not three years. Met Steve too in Marine Drive, that evening was nice.

Most of the college in my list were pretty intense. All the students were toppers in their schools, and were struggling to pass in uni. Super ambitious students, some who'd already built a startup, some who'd been coding since 9, and all of them were always learning. Either coursework or learning and building something in their free time. And the clubs, ohhh, these things could actually change the world. Now I know that I was applying for STEM and commerce would likely be chill compared to it, but these guys were really chill. I guess that's one of the places Indian education is left behind; it sucks the joy out of learning, so by the time we are in colleges, no one cares about learning. Don't get me wrong, we _should_ party and mess around in this age, but also do this.

I'm going to Hosur this Saturday so gonna meet some Bangalore folks then.

The break was good, I think I'm motivated to do more now (including meeting people). I'm starting with revamping my landing page. I'm gonna make it like Rishi's with the story thingy. I'll probably have to add react or some lib to astro for it to work.

I need to figure out a better way to learn C, cuz reading the book is boring.