# Tasks
```tasks
(due today) OR ((is recurring) AND (not done))
path does not include Journal
```
# Journal
## 09:50
I wrote code after a long while yesterday. I redesigned my home page. It's like Rishi's story-telling landing page now. Since I used Astro I needed to add a full-fledged JS framework for interactivity, I went with Solid. It's nice. I haven't written much of it, but for now it feels very much like React except the `createSignal`, `createEffect` part. I'll use it for more projects soon and get a better feel for it. I also should try out React Server Components and the innovation there.

I'm glad that I could make the story part of mine different from Rishi's. The first line is similar but good thing I wrote my own genuine story after it; it came much more naturally.

Not sure what I'll build today. There's more work to be done on the website. Do I even need the normal about page anymore; should I disable this fancy thingy when the user revisits the site; and I need to finish the writing part of the story (and maybe include other stuff).

I think my eyesight is getting really shit now. Every time I get new specs, it does eventually degrade, but it's really bad now. Maybe it's cuz I woke up an hour ago and directly went to phone or maybe because I haven't had the best sleep in a while.

Also, I forgot to write: I got a 10,000 CAD scholarship from Waterloo!!! I got the email when I was in Mumbai. I woke up and checked my phone out of habit and there was a Protonmail notification. I said something about an entrance scholarship, I assumed it was about the 2K one I already had, but luckily before deleting I expanded it and read it. This one's much bigger and wow. Feeling _slightly_ better about spending so much for a degree.