My eyes stare at my computer screen as my fingers race across the keyboard at 150 words per minute. Thought, ideas, analogies of complex mathematical (data) structures fly through my head while my fingers scramble to type them as fast as they appear. The rush of ideas was over just as quickly as it had begun. My shoulders relaxed and I caught my breath. After agonizing over the right words for hours, I had finally finished my weekly blog post.

For the past 3 weeks, I had poured myself over mountains of code and technical documentation trying to understand how non-fungible tokens (NFTs) and royalties worked. Royalties are exactly what they sound like, a commission paid to the NFT creator for every sale. Some programmers figured out a way to avoid paying the royalties, and the entire NFT world was up in arms. What about me? I couldn't care less about the fees, but I was curious about this "hack", and wanted to understand how it all worked. So, I dug into the code, scanning the files line-by-line until the variable names became characters in my dreams. After 21,861 lines of code and countless GitHub discussions with the original programmers, I finally understood the loophole.

Now, I was trying to condense all that googling into a 500-word blog post. Trying to find a balance between cool sounding technical words, and actual english that everyone could understand. Writing is a way for me to explore new ideas and understand technical concepts at a deeper level. And doing it publicly is mostly to keep me accountable to my (almost) weekly schedule.