---
publish: true
professor: '[[People/Anwar Hasan]]'
related:
- '[[Evergreen/Digital Circuits]]'
textbook:
- '[[Attachments/Textbooks/ECE124 - Notes.pdf|ECE124 - Notes]]'
- '[[Attachments/Textbooks/ECE124 - Textbook.pdf|ECE124 - Textbook]]'
term: 1B
started: 2024-01-08
contact: ahasan@uwaterloo.ca
---

Notes:
- https://ece.uwaterloo.ca/~cgebotys/NEW/222-front.htm
- Fav
- No tut!

```dataview
TABLE file.lists.text AS "Concepts", status AS "Status"
FROM "Courses/ECE124"
WHERE file.name != "ECE124"
WHERE contains(string(file.lists.section), "Outline")
SORT date
```

# Outline

---

- Decimal to binary conversion.
- Binary logic
	- Logic variables: similar to algebraic, but only two values (0, 1).
	- Logic functions:
		- Similar to algebraic functions, but return either 0 or 1.
		- Represented using algebraic expressions, truth tables and circuits.
		- Truth table is a unique representation, while there may exist multiple algebraic/circuit representations.
	- Logic operators:
		- AND: $x\cdot y$
		- OR: $x + y$
		- NOT: $\bar x,  x\prime$
- Emulating logic gates using electrical circuits: everything's implemented physically after all.
	- AND: switches is series. All switches must be closed for the circuits to be closed.
	- OR: switches in series. Any one switch needs to be closed for the circuit to be closed.
	- NOT: switch in parallel to the resistor such that when the switch is closed, it short-circuits so that the resistor (light) does not turn on.
- $2^n$ rows in a table with $n$ input variables.
- Boolean algebra: similar but kinda different to regular algebra.
- Easy to convert function representation _to_ truth table, but we wanna do the other way too.
- **Synthesis of circuits**: converting a truth table to algebraic expression. So we can find the most efficient circuits which still does the same thing as the original function.
- Circuit efficiency/cost: number of (non-trivial) logic gates + number of inputs.
- **Minterms $m_i$:**
	- It is the product of a series of input variables (or their complements) that evaluates to 1 for that row.
	- Each minterm expression is 1 only for that row (that combination of inputs).
- **Maxterms $M_i$:**
	- Opposite (include variable if 0, include complement if 1) and sum them all up.
	- Maxterm expression is 0 only for that row.
	- $m_i\prime = M_i$ - both terms are true together.
- **Synthesizing circuits: canonical sum of products (SOP)**
	- Take logical OR of all minterms where the actual function evaluates to 1.
	- This is the _canonical_ SOP; for it to be canonical, the RHS must only contain the sum of minterms, no other operator.
	- If there's a simpler expression, we can simplify into that. Hence reducing our circuit cost.
	- Starts with a layer of NOTs, then ANDs, then OR.
- **Synthesizing circutis: canonical product of sums (POS)**
	- Logical AND of all maxterms where function evaluates to 0.
	- Starts with a layer of NOTs, then ORs, then AND.
- How synthesizing works:
	- Each minterm (or maxterm) corresponds to a specific combination of inputs that evaluate to 1 (or 0 for maxterm).
	- When we take the OR, we are combining all these combinations. Each segment of the combination is triggered only for that row. We exclude the rows where it's f = 0 cuz we don't want to trigger those rows.
	- When we take AND of the maxterms, the product ensures that the expression will become 0 when any of the f = 0 rows is triggered. We don't take maxterms when f = 1, cuz then we want it to be 1.
# Multiplexers
- Kinda like if statements but implemented in hardware.
- The _i-th_  input is redirected as the output.
- _i_ is the binary encoded decimal inputted via the select pin(s).
# Shannon's Expansion
- A mathematical way to represent a logic function using smaller functions with _preset_ values.
# Decoders
- Only one output is active at a time.
- The _i-th_ output line is activated.
- _i_ is the binary encoded decimal inputted via the input pins.

- Used in memory blocks.
## ROM based synthesis
- Use decoders to select memory blocks.
- Store desired function output in memory blocks.
- So based on the input, system will select n return certain memory blocks, those blocks contain the actual function output.
# De-Multiplexers
- Opposite of multiplexers.
- Works somewhat similar to decoders.
- Connects input to a specific output line.
- With decoders _that_ output line will always be 1.
- For demux the selected output line depends on the input.
# Encoders
- Opposite of decoders.
- Only one input is active.
- The _i-th_ input line is activated.
- Then _i_ in binary encoded decimal is outputted.
- Multiple outputs are active.
# Priority Encoders
- Similar to encoders.
- But multiple inputs can be high.
- The input with most priority is considered.
- Highest priority = most significant input (?).
# Sequential Logic
- Has a memory/storage element to keep track of state.
- State influences circuit output.
- Uses clock.
# Basic Latch with NAND
- Recursion in hardware!?
- Two NANDs cross-coupled.
- When both S and R are on, the circuit's output is same as it was in the previous step. It shows memory.